<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

    <f:view contentType="text/html">
        <h:head>
            <f:facet name="first">
                <meta content='text/html; charset=UTF-8' http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
                <title>Sample</title>
            </f:facet>
        </h:head>

        <h:body>

            <p:panel>
                <h1>
                    Testing Maven Release Plugin with JSF 2.1 and Primefaces 3.5 on Github
                </h1>
            </p:panel>
            <p:panel header="Info about Maven Release Plugin">
mvn release:clean
It cleans the workspace in case the last release process was not successful.
mvn release:rollback
Rollback the changes done to workspace code and configuration in case the last release process was not successful.
mvn release:prepare
Performs multiple number of operations
Checks whether there are any uncommitted local changes or not
Ensures that there are no SNAPSHOT dependencies
Changes the version of the application and removes SNAPSHOT from the version to make release
Update pom files to SVN
Run test cases
Commit the modified POM files
Tag the code in subversion
Increment the version number and append SNAPSHOT for future release
Commit the modified POM files to SVN.
mvn release:perform
Checks out the code using the previously defined tag and run the Maven deploy goal to deploy the war or built artifact to repository.
Let's open command console, go the C:\ > MVN >bus-core-api directory and execute the following mvn command.
mvn release:prepare
Maven will start building the project. Once build is successful run the following mvn command.
mvn release:perform
Once build is successful you can verify the uploaded JAR file in your repository.
            </p:panel>

        </h:body>

    </f:view>
</html>
